Update whats new with preview 8 links (#13982)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-core-3-0.md

> ms.date: 07/25/2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 08/21/2019
```

Author: I dont know why I forget the date ALL THE TIME.. hahahaha

---

# What's new in .NET Core 3.0 (Preview 8)

This article describes what is new in .NET Core 3.0 (through preview 8). One of the biggest enhancements is support for Windows desktop applications (Windows only). By using the .NET Core 3.0 SDK component Windows Desktop, you can port your Windows Forms and Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications. To be clear, the Windows Desktop component is only supported and included on Windows. For more information, see the [Windows desktop](#windows-desktop) section later in this article.

.NET Core 3.0 adds support for C# 8.0. It's highly recommended that you use the [latest release of Visual Studio Preview](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/preview/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=docs.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link&utm_content=download+preview), or Visual Studio Code with the OmniSharp extension.

> [Download and get started with .NET Core 3.0 preview 8](https://aka.ms/netcore3download) right now on Windows, Mac, and Linux.

Reviewer: We usually say macOS

```suggestion
[Download and get started with .NET Core 3.0 preview 8](https://aka.ms/netcore3download) right now on Windows, macOS, or Linux.
```

## Production supported preview

> .NET Core Preview 8 is considered production ready by Microsoft and is fully supported. Starting with preview 7, releases will focus on polishing .NET Core 3.0 instead of adding new features. For more information about what has changed in preview 8, see the [preview 8 announcement](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-core-3-0-preview-8/).

Reviewer: I think it would be important mention this that is also mentioned in the blog post

"If you are using .NET Core 3.0 Preview 7, you need to move to Preview 8 for “Go Live” support."
